updated readme.md with Projects and some typo (#20)
computerclubkec/oop: README.md

# Object Oriented Programming (OOP) 

## Purpose
This repository serves a dual purpose. Firstly, it contains various Object Oriented Programming (OOP) programs written in C++, providing practical examples of OOP concepts and implementation along with other resources that helps students to foster learning. Secondly, the repository itself can be utilized as a dataset for exploring and experimenting with OOP principles. By examining the structure and organization of the programs within this repository, learners can gain a comprehensive understanding of how OOP concepts apply to real-world scenarios.

## Repository Structure
- [Programs](./programs/README.md): This directory contains various OOP programs written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.

> - [Project](./projects/README.md): This directory contains various OOP projects written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts and real world scenario. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Projects](./projects/README.md): This directory contains various OOP projects written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts and real world scenario. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.
```

# Object Oriented Programming (OOP) 

## Purpose
This repository serves a dual purpose. Firstly, it contains various Object Oriented Programming (OOP) programs written in C++, providing practical examples of OOP concepts and implementation along with other resources that helps students to foster learning. Secondly, the repository itself can be utilized as a dataset for exploring and experimenting with OOP principles. By examining the structure and organization of the programs within this repository, learners can gain a comprehensive understanding of how OOP concepts apply to real-world scenarios.

## Repository Structure
- [Programs](./programs/README.md): This directory contains various OOP programs written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.

> - [Project](./projects/README.md): This directory contains various OOP projects written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts and real world scenario. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Project](./projects/README.md): This directory contains list of project ideas and existing projects that uses C++.
```

> - [Projects](./projects/README.md): This directory contains various OOP projects written in C++, each focusing on specific OOP concepts and real world scenario. Detailed README files are provided within the directory to explain the purpose and usage of each program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Projects](./projects/README.md): This directory contains list of project ideas and existing projects that uses C++.
```

## For Contributors
We welcome contributions that enhance the variety and quality of the OOP programs in this repository. Please follow the guidelines outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to ensure smooth collaboration.

> ## Contributors Graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributors
```
